[OSDOCS-17002] IBM Power CQA2 xrefs prereqs (#117146)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ibm-power-upi-installing-rhcos-intro.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/installing_ibm_power/installing-ibm-power.adoc
// * installing/installing_ibm_power/installing-restricted-networks-ibm-power.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="ibm-power-upi-installing-rhcos-intro_{context}"]
= Installing {op-system} and starting the {product-title} bootstrap process

[role="_abstract"]

> To install {product-title} on {ibm-power-name} infrastructure that you provision, you must install {op-system-first} on the machines by using an ISO image or network PXE booting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install {product-title} on {ibm-power-name} infrastructure that you provision, you must install {op-system-first} on the machines by using an bootp, qcow2 image, OVA image, or iso image.
```

Author: @prb112 I verified the only steps that are described after this abstract are ISO and PXE. Therefore, it should stay as is. If you think the other options should also be described that's something apart from the CQA work.

To install {op-system}, you must give the Ignition config file generated by the {product-title} installation program for the type of machine you are installing. If you have configured suitable networking, DNS, and load balancing infrastructure, the {product-title} bootstrap process begins automatically after the {op-system} machines have rebooted.

> Follow either the steps to use an ISO image or network PXE booting to install {op-system} on the machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow either the steps to use an bootp, qcow2 image, OVA image, or iso image to install {op-system} on the machines.
```

Author: Same as above
